How to create mac binary (#195)
openmsupply/open-msupply: server/README.md

# attempt to refresh dates (advance them forward, see --help)
cargo run --bin remote_server_cli -- refresh-dates
```

# Making Mac Demo Binary with Data

```bash
# Buid and copy
cd ../client && yarn install && yarn build
cd ../server && cargo clean && cargo build --release --bin remote_server

rm -rf m1_mac_sqlite && mkdir m1_mac_sqlite && mkdir m1_mac_sqlite/bin && mv target/release/remote_server m1_mac_sqlite/bin 
# Copy configurations
mkdir m1_mac_sqlite/configuration && cp configuration/base.yaml m1_mac_sqlite/configuration/
touch  m1_mac_sqlite/configuration/local.yaml

# Create script to start server
echo '
#!/bin/bash

> cd "$(dirname "$0")"

Author: Can double click on the .sh too run it from finder

chmod +x bin/remote_server

> xattr -cr bin/remote_server

Author: Mac automatically adds certain attributes to executables that make them look like they are corrupt (for security), this removes it

APP_SERVER__DANGER_ALLOW_HTTP=true ./bin/remote_server' > m1_mac_sqlite/open_msupply_server.sh

> # Create database, make sure you have data file running locally (with correct credentials)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Create sqlite database
# Before running this command, make sure you have data file running locally and update the port, site ID, and sync credentials
```

APP_SYNC__URL="http://localhost:2048" APP_SYNC__USERNAME="demo" APP_SYNC__PASSWORD_SHA256="d74ff0ee8da3b9806b18c877dbf29bbde50b5bd8e4dad7a3a725000feb82e8f1" APP_SYNC__SITE_ID=2  APP_SYNC__INTERVAL_SEC=10000000 APP_SYNC__CENTRAL_SERVER_SITE_ID=1 cargo run --bin remote_server_cli -- initialise-from-central -u 'Admin:pass'

> cp omsupply-database m1_mac_sqlite/

Reviewer: though the db name depends on what you have configured in `local.yaml`.
Safer to just run the database creation command in the `m1_mac_sqlite` directory, then also you don't overwrite your local dev database

```

> In finder, right click on open_msupply_server, get info and make it run in terminal then `chmod +x m1_mac_sqlite/open_msupply_server.sh`

Author: It's quite important to do this in the order, otherwise after unzipping downloaded .sh will have the attributes and won't be runnable

> In finder, right click on open_msupply_server, get info and make it run in terminal then `chmod +x m1_mac_sqlite/open_msupply_server.sh`

Reviewer: wasn't sure what you mean by 'make it run in terminal'. Do you mean changing 'open with' to be terminal? Perhaps give some instructions if so?
